Document capslock_on, numlock_on properties (#85)
joshgoebel/keyszer: README.md

- `wm_class` - the WM_CLASS of the [input] focused X11 window
- `wm_name` - the WM_NAME of the [input] focused X11 window
- `device_name` - name of the device where an input originated

> - `capslock_on` - State of CapsLock LED. ON is True, OFF is False (coming in v0.7.0+)
> - `numlock_on` - State of NumLock LED. ON is True, OFF is False (coming in v0.7.0+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `capslock_on` - state of CapsLock (boolean)
- `numlock_on` - state of NumLock (boolean)
```
